hi guys
so I'm going to go ahead and show you
how to get these curls today and I hope
it's helpful and you watching I'm going
to be using the new me classic curling
wand and 32 millimeters and also heat
protectant since we're going to be using
heat on her hair and then also a
hairspray to hold all those curls so I'm
just taking my bun out from the night
before just make sure your hair is dry
second day hair will do as well so I'm
putting in some heat protectant
throughout my end especially in my hair
so I'm going to tie it my hair leaving a
section of the longest layer of my hair
so it's easier to curl and I'm going to
spritz some hairspray in just a little
bit so that with the curls hold better
and then you can wear a glove if you're
afraid you might burn yourself so taking
the wand I'm going to point it downwards
and take a piece of hair right next to
my face and wrap it outwards on the wand
and what I love about this wand is that
it heats up super fast and the negative
ions make it so that way my curls curl
faster so there's less damage done leave
it there for a few seconds so that way
it'll hold and when you let go it should
look like this so I'm just going to do
the rest of my hair not holding it too
long since this is my longest layer of
hair and I would rather keep it long
than making it super short
after I've curled all the hair in this
section it'll look like this so I'm
going to put that on my back and then
take out the bun on my head and with
this I'm going to actually suction it
off again because I have a lot of hair
you can do this if you want but it's
optional
so with another section of my hair I'm
just going to continue with some
hairspray again just a little bit and
then again the hair that's near your
face you don't wanna curled outwards
so I'm just going to curl the rest of my
hair in this section and you can curl
the hair in all the same direction or
different directions I chose to curl on
the same direction because I like the
way it looks but if you like the look of
a lot of different looking curls than
curl in opposite directions so before I
curl the rest of my hair I'm just going
to lightly tie the hair that I've
already curled so it's out of the way so
I'm going to continue the same curling
technique throughout the rest of my hair
except since this is the top part of my
hair I'm going to be leaving the heater
the heater the wand on longer since I've
wanting this area more voluminous
so I've pretty much curled all of my
hair now and when I take it out it all
looks like this if there's areas you do
want more volume and make sure that you
curl close with your scalp so I'm just
adding hairspray to hold all the curls
together and that's basically it guys